three video lesson 17 the Blues place
and I think they're two different types
of Blues this is a blues style we would
take of some and turn it into the blues
for example
there's also the beliefs farm which is
what we're gonna be concentrating on and
also freelee's blues lessons free blues
lessons were going to be something about
all different items such as major my
hair and we're also going to be
something about New Orlean style which
is dr. John Randy Niemann randy newman's
the artist who came up with you've got
friend than me which was a toy story and
also I love to see smile which was after
maybe Parenthood and also was in The
Simpsons
that's a little bit of a lot to see you
smile and you've got a friend of me not
for these space lessons we're going to
be surfing about basic 12 bar blues and
if you haven't already seen the previous
lessons on time and curves then you're
probably best going back however I will
have a little recap on course and timing
and so go on to lesson 71 we'll get
started on some ways